User Stories

1) As an end-user, I want to be able to view my events and reminders -so to speak in a elegant organized way so that I don’t feel like I am digging through the up to find my to-do’s

2) As a user, I want to be able to  group tasks into projects, so that I can organize work by context.
3) As a user, I want to see a list of my most commonly missed tasks, so that I can focus harder on that specific task.
4) As a user, I want dark mode support, so that I can comfortably use the app in low-light environments.
5) As a user, I want to be able to schedule a task to repeat every week with a toggle, so that I don’t have to manually add a task every week.
6) As a user, I want to see my upcoming tasks within a limited scale, so that I can focus on the currently important tasks.
7) As a user, I want to be able to put an end date on recurring tasks, so that they don't show up after they are no longer occurring
8) As a user, I want to be able to delete a task without checking it off, so that if that task no longer needs to be done, it isn’t considered missed or done
9) As a user, I want to be able to mark a task as failed, so that it no longer appears on the to do list, but can be tracked separately from completed tasks
10) As a user, I want to be able to see all tasks that are overdue but still doable, so that still completable but overdue tasks can be tracked
11) As a user, I want to be able to create a new task, so I can keep track of something new that I have to do.
12) As a corporate or a private user, I want to be able to assign colors to tasks on a calendar so that I can quickly understand the distribution of my tasks at a week or month level calendar view.
13) As a corporate manager, I want to be be able to mark tasks as urgent and/or important so that I and my employees can best prioritize tasks.
14) As a corporate account user, I want to-do lists to have an ‘awaiting reply’ tag by default.
15) As a private or corporate user, I want tasks to have sub-task options so that I can better mark progress on multi-step processes.
16) As a private user, I want to be able to add custom tags to tasks and calendar events that I can filter and search.
17) As a private user, I want to be able to make tasks a ‘habit’ that regularly repeat and start and expire on the same day, and I also want successful days completing habits to be viewable on the calendar.
18) As a user, I want the calendar to highlight the current date and time slot (to the nearest half hour).
19) As a corporate user, I want the ability to filter tasks by timeframe so that I can put month end tasks on a calendar in advance but I won’t see those tasks before the month-end financial reporting period begins.
20) As a user, I want the ability to have an option for top three tasks because sometimes I have a long list of tasks I need to do, but life happens and I want to say a day was productive because I just focused on three big things.
21) As a user newer to scheduling, I want a place where I can record estimated time to complete vs actual time to complete tasks so I can become better at scheduling time by the hour.
